Add a doc on writing a good support request (#464)
exercism/docs: community/good-member/writing-support-requests.md

# How to write a good support request

Want help with an Exercism?
Help boost your chances of getting a good response by learning how to write a good support request and encouraging our community to support you.

Here are some key tips.

> ## Use codeblocks, not images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use code blocks, not images
```

> When you want to share code (either that you've written, or instructions), use a codeblock, not an image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you want to share code (either that you've written, or instructions), use a code block, not an image.
```

As developers, we're much quicker at reading code than having to zoom into image to see things.

> And many of our users use screenreaders, which cannot read out images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And many of our users use screen readers, which cannot read out images.
```

I think.

So if you want to want to be a good community citizen, encourage our volunteers to help you, and look like a pro, share your code as text not an image!

For example, you can type the following:

````
```
for number in range(10):
  total += number;
```
````

That will get rendered like this:

```
for number in range(10):
  total += number;
```

> You can even get syntax highlighting by adding the language to the codeblock opening:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can even get syntax highlighting by adding the language to the code block opening:
```
